He said, "Let's get out of this town,
Drive out of the city, away
from the crowds."
I thought heaven can't help me now.
Nothing lasts forever, but
this is gonna take me down
He's so tall and handsome as hell
He's so bad but he does it so well
I can see the end as it begins
My one condition is
Say you'll remember me
Standing in a nice dress,
Staring at the sunset, babe
Red lips and rosy cheeks
Say you'll see me again
Even if it's just in your
Wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh,
Wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh.
I said, "No one has to know
what we do, "
His hands are in my hair, his
clothes are in my room
And his voice is a familiar sound,
Nothing lasts forever but this
is getting good now
He's so tall and handsome as hell
He's so bad but he does it so well
And when we've had our very last kiss
My last request it is
Say you'll remember me
Standing in a nice dress,
Staring at the sunset, babe
Red lips and rosy cheeks
Say you'll see me again
Even if it's just in your
Wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh,
Wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh.
You see me in hindsight
Tangled up with you all night
Burning it down
Someday when you leave me
I bet these memories
Follow you around
You'll see me in hindsight
Tangled up with you all night
Burning it down
Someday when you leave me
I bet these memories
Follow you around
Say you'll remember me
Standing in a nice dress,
Staring at the sunset, babe
Red lips and rosy cheeks
Say you'll see me again
Even if it's just pretend
Say you'll remember me
Standing in a nice dress,
Staring at the sunset, babe
Red lips and rosy cheeks
Say you'll see me again
Even if it's just in your (
just pretend, just pretend)
Wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh
In your wildest dreams, ah-ha ohh
(Even if it's just in your
wildest dreams) ah-ha
In your wildest dreams, ah-ha.
www.RentAnAdviser.com